feat: First bank-vaults helm operator release (#1)
3scale-ops/bank-vaults-helm-operator: docs/release.md

# Release

* Update Makefile variable `VERSION` to the appropiate release version:
  * alpha: `VERSION ?= v1.15.5-alpha.3`, for operator development before doing a final release
  * stable: `VERSION ?= v1.15.5`, once alpha releases have been tested successfully

**IMPORTANT**: `VERSION` semver, **must coincide with the original helm chart release**,
because it's used to download the [original helm chart](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/banzaicloud-stable/vault-operator)
by the `download-helm-chart` makefile target.

> For **alpha** releases, the only the semver prefix is used to fetch the upstream chart release.

Reviewer: The `-alpha.X` is also part of the semver spec, so something like this would be better:

```suggestion
For **alpha** releases, the only the part before the `-` is used to fetch the upstream chart release.
```

Just a little bit of nitpicking :P

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/3scale-ops/bank-vaults-helm-operator/pull/1/commits/eb29acc4b61bffb986435a71086754d75c9161c0

## Alpha

**alpha** releases are used to test new versions of **the helm operator**,
when a new stable relase of the helm chart is published.

* If it is an **alpha** release, execute the following target to create appropiate `alpha` bundle files:

```bash
make prepare-alpha-release
```

* Then you can manually execute opetator, bundle and catalog build/push:

```bash
make container-build
make container-push
make bundle-publish
```

A real example of an alpha release can be found at [release: 1.15.6-alpha.1](https://github.com/3scale-ops/bank-vaults-helm-operator/pull/1/commits/9656d7034f5db124ab20afb4df12b85e9ee45bca) commit.

## Stable

* Execute the following target to create appropiate `alpha` and `stable` bundle files:

```bash
make prepare-stable-release
```

> A real example of a stable release can be found at [release: 1.15.5](https://github.com/3scale-ops/bank-vaults-helm-operator/pull/1/commits/4411f1ad6b6b00dc2ac5fe9dc249a3a03ff1ef8e) commit.

Reviewer 2: Not existing commit

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/3scale-ops/bank-vaults-helm-operator/pull/1/commits/00aa57c78dadaf16b7d85eb47f1a1c64b0e72065
